<p>The 3ds_eci function is a specialised utility within the mock-jutsu library designed to facilitate the generation of realistic Electronic Commerce Indicator (ECI) flags. In the complex world of digital payments, these two-digit codes are pivotal for identifying the authentication status of 3D Secure (3DS) transactions. By using mock-jutsu to produce this specific test data, developers can accurately simulate how payment gateways and merchant systems interpret security levels across different card networks, such as Visa, Mastercard, and American Express. This level of granularity is essential for building robust financial applications that must handle varying degrees of transaction security and liability.</p>

<p>When generating mock data for financial services, adherence to industry standards is paramount for valid results. The 3ds_eci function follows the EMVCo specifications, providing values such as '05' for fully authenticated Visa transactions or '02' for successful Mastercard Identity Check outcomes. These indicators inform both the issuer and the acquirer about the level of security applied to a transaction, which directly influences liability shift rules and automated fraud risk assessments. Integrating this function into your automated testing suites ensures that your software handles various authentication results with high fidelity, mirroring the actual responses received from a real-world Directory Server.</p>

<p>Utilising 3ds_eci within the mock-jutsu framework offers significant advantages for QA engineers and backend developers alike. Beyond simple Python integration via the standard library calls, mock-jutsu provides a seamless interface for CLI operations and JMeter performance testing. This versatility allows teams to build comprehensive test data sets that cover critical edge cases, such as non-3DS transactions or attempted authentication failures, without the need for sensitive live data or expensive third-party sandboxes. It significantly streamlines the validation of payment logic, ensuring that downstream systems correctly process and store the ECI values associated with every simulated transaction.</p>

<p>Ultimately, mock-jutsu empowers development teams to build more resilient financial technology by providing high-quality, standardised test data at scale. The 3ds_eci function removes the friction often associated with manual data creation, allowing for rapid prototyping of checkout flows and fraud prevention algorithms. By automating the generation of these essential financial flags, developers can focus on refining their core application logic, confident that their payment simulation environment is backed by accurate and reliable mock data that mirrors modern 3-D Secure protocols and merchant requirements.</p>