<p>The epc function within the mock-jutsu library is a specialized utility designed to generate realistic Electronic Product Codes for RFID-based systems. As modern logistics and retail operations increasingly rely on automated tracking, having access to accurate mock data is essential for building robust supply chain and inventory management software. This function produces unique hexadecimal strings that mirror the structure of physical RFID tags, allowing developers to simulate hardware interactions and data ingestion flows without needing a single physical scanner or tag on hand during the initial stages of development.</p>

<p>Under the hood, mock-jutsu ensures that each epc generated follows industry-standard formatting, such as the GS1 SGTIN-96 specification. By adhering to these global standards, the library provides test data that includes the necessary header, filter value, partition, company prefix, and serial numbers required for valid system ingestion. This level of precision is critical for developers who are testing database schemas, middleware processing logic, and data validation pipelines that expect strictly formatted inputs. Because the generated strings are indistinguishable from real-world tag data, they provide a reliable foundation for end-to-end integration testing.</p>

<p>For quality assurance engineers and DevOps professionals, the epc function is invaluable across various testing scenarios. Whether you are performing performance testing on an IoT gateway using the JMeter plugin or writing unit tests in a Python environment, mock-jutsu offers seamless integration. By using the CLI command "mockjutsu generate epc" or the Python call "jutsu.generate('epc')", teams can populate their staging environments with thousands of unique identifiers in seconds. This capability is particularly useful for stress-testing how a system handles high-concurrency tag reads, inventory reconciliation, or duplicate detection logic in a high-traffic warehouse environment.</p>

<p>The primary benefit of using mock-jutsu for RFID data generation is the significant reduction in development friction. Instead of manually creating spreadsheets of identifiers or hard-coding static values, developers can automate the creation of high-fidelity test data that remains consistent across the entire software development life cycle. By leveraging the epc function, organizations can accelerate their time-to-market, reduce hardware dependencies, and ensure that their RFID implementations are battle-tested against realistic data patterns long before they reach production environments.</p>