<p>In the global telecommunications sector, the Integrated Circuit Card Identifier, or ICCID, serves as a unique serial number for SIM cards. When building or testing mobile applications, billing systems, or network management tools, developers often require high-quality test data that mimics real-world identifiers without compromising security or privacy. The mock-jutsu library provides a robust solution for this through its dedicated iccid function, enabling the programmatic generation of these critical identifiers for a wide variety of development environments and testing frameworks.</p>

<p>Every iccid generated by mock-jutsu adheres to international standards, typically consisting of up to 19 or 20 digits. The library ensures that the generated mock data follows the correct structural format, starting with the Major Industry Identifier (89 for telecommunications), followed by the country code, issuer identifier, and the individual account identification number. Crucially, the final digit is calculated using the Luhn algorithm, a checksum formula used to validate a variety of identification numbers. This meticulous attention to detail ensures that the generated strings pass through system validation logic just like genuine SIM card identifiers, preventing false negatives during the QA process.</p>

<p>Integrating this functionality into your workflow is straightforward, whether you are working in a local terminal or a complex automation suite. Developers can quickly produce values via the CLI using the command "mockjutsu generate iccid", or incorporate the logic directly into Python scripts with "jutsu.generate('iccid')". For performance testers, the library also supports JMeter integration via the "${__mockjutsu(iccid,)}" syntax. This versatility makes it an indispensable tool for populating databases, testing API endpoints, or simulating bulk SIM provisioning processes during the software development lifecycle.</p>

<p>Utilising mock-jutsu for iccid generation offers significant benefits, particularly when testing edge cases in telecommunications software. By using realistic test data, teams can identify potential issues in database indexing, UI field validation, and backend processing before they reach production. Furthermore, because the library generates non-sensitive but structurally accurate data, it helps organisations maintain compliance with data protection regulations while ensuring that their testing environments remain as close to reality as possible.</p>