<p>In the complex landscape of financial software development, generating realistic test data for banking protocols is essential for ensuring system integrity and regulatory compliance. The mt940 function within the mock-jutsu library provides a streamlined solution for developers needing to simulate SWIFT Customer Statement messages accurately. By automating the creation of these structured files, mock-jutsu allows engineering teams to bypass the manual creation of complex financial records, ensuring that every generated mt940 file adheres to the structural requirements of the ISO 15022 standard used globally by financial institutions.</p>

<p>This specific function generates a comprehensive statement containing the core mandatory and optional tags required for robust integration testing. Each output includes the Transaction Reference Number (:20:), Account Identification (:25:), and Statement Number (:28C:). Crucially, the generator handles the financial logic of the Opening Balance (:60F:) and Closing Balance (:62F:), populating them with consistent, logically sequenced values. Between these balances, the function injects a randomised set of two to five Statement Lines (:61:) and corresponding Information to Account Owner (:86:) fields. To maintain regional accuracy for European and international banking systems, all monetary values utilise the comma decimal separator format, such as 500,00, providing a high level of realism for parsing engines.</p>

<p>Utilising mock-jutsu for mt940 generation is particularly beneficial for testing automated reconciliation engines, treasury management systems, and banking dashboards. Developers can verify that their parsing algorithms correctly interpret transaction types, value dates, and supplementary details without risking exposure to sensitive real-world financial data. Whether you are validating a backend ingestion pipeline or stress-testing a middleware component, the high-fidelity mock data produced ensures that edge cases—such as varying transaction volumes or specific field lengths—are thoroughly exercised before deployment.</p>

<p>Integration is designed to be seamless across various development environments. For rapid prototyping or manual inspection, the CLI command "mockjutsu generate mt940" provides instant output to the terminal. Python developers can integrate the functionality directly into their unit test suites using the "jutsu.generate('mt940')" method, while performance testers can leverage the JMeter plugin with the "${__mockjutsu(mt940,)}" syntax. This versatility makes mock-jutsu an indispensable tool for financial technology professionals seeking reliable, standardised test data that bridges the gap between development and production-ready banking applications.</p>