<p>The ogrn function within the mock-jutsu library is a specialised tool designed for generating valid Russian Primary State Registration Numbers. Known locally as the "Osnovnoy Gosudarstvenny Registratsionny Nomer," this thirteen-digit identifier is a mandatory requirement for any software interacting with Russian legal entities. By providing realistic mock data, mock-jutsu allows developers to simulate corporate identities without relying on sensitive real-world information, ensuring both privacy and data integrity during the initial stages of application development.</p>

<p>Every ogrn generated by mock-jutsu adheres strictly to the official Russian federal standards. The thirteen-digit sequence is far from random; it encodes specific metadata, including the sign of the state registration record, the year of entry, and the subject code of the Russian Federation. Crucially, the final digit acts as a checksum calculated using a specific modulo 11 algorithm. Mock-jutsu replicates this mathematical logic perfectly, ensuring that any test data produced will pass through validation filters, front-end input masks, and back-end integrity checks that require a mathematically sound sequence to proceed.</p>

<p>Integrating this function into your development workflow is seamless across multiple environments. Whether you are using the Python API with jutsu.generate('ogrn'), executing a quick command via the CLI, or conducting load testing in JMeter using the ${__mockjutsu(ogrn,)} syntax, the library provides consistent and reliable results. This versatility is a significant benefit for developers building complex ERP systems, financial platforms, or KYC (Know Your Customer) workflows. By automating the creation of valid identifiers, engineering teams can focus on core business logic rather than manually sourcing or inventing data strings that might fail internal validation rules.</p>

<p>Beyond simple data entry, the ogrn function is invaluable for stress-testing database indexing and verifying search functionality within corporate registries. It allows QA engineers to populate staging environments with thousands of unique records to ensure that the system handles high volumes of legal entity data efficiently. By leveraging mock-jutsu for your test data requirements, you ensure that your application remains robust, compliant, and ready for the Russian market, all while maintaining a high standard of professional software craftsmanship and data security.</p>