<p>The port_number function within the mock-jutsu library is a specialised tool designed to generate realistic network configurations for developers and QA engineers. When building distributed systems or microservices, having access to authentic test data is essential for simulating real-world traffic patterns. This function produces a valid TCP/UDP port number ranging from 1 to 65535, ensuring that every generated value adheres to the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) standards. By integrating this into your automated workflow, you can streamline the creation of network-related mocks without manually defining ranges or risking the use of invalid addresses.</p>

<p>What sets the port_number generator apart from a simple random integer generator is its intelligent weighting system. While it can return any valid port within the theoretical limit, the underlying algorithm is biased towards common ports frequently encountered in modern web development, such as 80, 443, 3000, and 8443. This weighting ensures that your mock data reflects the typical environment of a production server while still providing the necessary entropy to test edge cases in the dynamic range. This approach is particularly beneficial when stress-testing service discovery mechanisms or configuring load balancers where certain ports are more likely to be active than others.</p>

<p>In terms of practical application, the port_number function is indispensable for several testing scenarios. For instance, performance testers using JMeter can utilise the specialised syntax to dynamicise their test plans, allowing for the simulation of multiple backend services across various endpoints. Similarly, developers writing unit tests in Python can call the library to populate configuration files or mock API responses. This consistency across the CLI, Python scripts, and JMeter makes mock-jutsu a versatile asset for maintaining high-quality test suites across the entire software development lifecycle.</p>

<p>The primary benefit of using mock-jutsu for port generation is the reduction of manual overhead and the elimination of hardcoded values that often lead to brittle tests. By leveraging a standardised method for generating test data, teams can ensure that their network simulations are both robust and repeatable. Whether you are automating infrastructure as code or validating firewall rules, the port_number function provides the reliability needed to build secure and scalable applications with confidence.</p>