<p>The mock-jutsu library provides a specialized toolset for generating localized identity identifiers, including the sgk function tailored for the Turkish administrative landscape. This function generates realistic Social Security numbers, known as Sosyal Güvenlik Kurumu (SGK) numbers, which are essential for developers building human resources, payroll, or government-integrated software solutions in Turkey. By leveraging mock-jutsu, engineering teams can populate their development environments with syntactically accurate mock data that mimics the complexity of real-world identifiers without the legal and ethical risks associated with using actual sensitive information.</p>

<p>The output of the sgk function adheres to the standard Turkish formatting protocol, typically represented in a segmented structure like 34-0012345-1.01-02. This format encompasses specific data points, including provincial codes, workplace registration numbers, and sub-codes for branch offices or insurance categories. When producing test data, the sgk function ensures that the hyphens and periods are placed correctly, allowing developers to rigorously test their database schemas, input masks, and validation logic. This structural precision is vital for ensuring that backend parsers and frontend forms handle the data exactly as they would in a production environment.</p>

<p>For QA engineers and backend developers, the primary benefit of using the sgk function within the mock-jutsu ecosystem is the ability to conduct robust testing while maintaining compliance with data protection regulations such as GDPR and KVKK. Using high-quality test data allows for the simulation of various business scenarios, such as employee onboarding workflows or insurance premium calculations, where a validly formatted identifier is a prerequisite for system processing. By automating the generation of these numbers, teams can avoid the manual creation of dummy data, thereby reducing human error and accelerating the software development lifecycle.</p>

<p>Integration is straightforward across multiple platforms, making mock-jutsu a versatile asset for modern DevOps pipelines. Developers can quickly generate a value through the CLI using the mockjutsu generate sgk command or incorporate it into their Python test suites with jutsu.generate('sgk'). Additionally, for those performing load testing or stress testing, the JMeter integration allows for the dynamic injection of identifiers using the ${__mockjutsu(sgk,)} syntax. This ensures that even under high-concurrency conditions, every simulated request carries a unique and correctly formatted SGK number, preventing primary key collisions and ensuring realistic database growth simulation.</p>