<p>The tva function within the mock-jutsu library is a specialised tool designed for developers and QA engineers who require realistic French Value Added Tax (VAT) identification numbers for their applications. Known locally as the Taxe sur la Valeur Ajoutée, this identifier is a mandatory requirement for businesses operating within France and the wider European Union. By using mock-jutsu, teams can instantly generate syntactically correct tva strings that mirror the official format, ensuring that test data remains consistent with real-world expectations without the need to source or handle sensitive, live fiscal information.</p>

<p>Every tva number produced by this function adheres to the strict structural standards mandated by French authorities. The generated string begins with the "FR" country code prefix, followed by a two-digit control key and a nine-digit SIREN (Système d'Identification du Répertoire des Entreprises) code. To ensure the highest level of authenticity, mock-jutsu implements the ISO 7064 Modulo 97, 10 check algorithm. This mathematical validation ensures that the mock data will successfully pass through internal validation logic and third-party API checks that verify the checksum of French VAT numbers, making it an indispensable asset for rigorous unit testing and integration cycles.</p>

<p>Integration is seamless across various development environments, catering to different stages of the software development lifecycle. Developers can generate values directly in a Python backend using the jutsu.generate('tva') method, while DevOps engineers can produce quick samples via the command line with the mockjutsu generate tva command. Furthermore, performance testers can leverage the library within Apache JMeter using the ${__mockjutsu(tva,)} syntax. This versatility allows teams to populate databases, simulate complex user registrations, and test intricate financial workflows with minimal friction.</p>

<p>Utilising the tva function offers significant benefits for organisations aiming for high-quality software delivery. It eliminates the risky practice of using actual corporate tax IDs during development, helping to maintain compliance with data protection regulations. By providing reliable, standardised test data, mock-jutsu empowers developers to identify edge cases in tax calculation logic and ensure that user interface masks correctly handle the eleven-character alphanumeric string. Ultimately, this function streamlines the path to building robust, enterprise-ready applications by providing high-fidelity mock data at scale.</p>